DOCS-4447 Adds Create an API Integration Documentation (#15997)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/marketplace/offering.md

### REST API integrations

> Use an [API integration][14] to enrich and submit data from your backend, or pull data directly out of Datadog. API integrations work well in building a connector between Datadog and another SaaS platform. This method is ideal for Technology Partners that are SaaS based, and have an existing website for users to log into.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an [API integration][14] to enrich and submit data from your backend, or pull data directly out of Datadog. API integrations work well in building a connector between Datadog and another SaaS platform. This method is ideal for Technology Partners that are SaaS based, and have an existing website for users to log into for authorization purposes.
```

> Use an [API integration][14] to enrich and submit data from your backend, or pull data directly out of Datadog. API integrations work well in building a connector between Datadog and another SaaS platform. Technology Partners can create API integrations for their SaaS companies, and must have a website for users to log in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use an [API integration][14] to enrich and submit data from your backend, or pull data directly out of Datadog. API integrations work well in building a connector between Datadog and another SaaS platform. This method is ideal for Technology Partners that are SaaS based, and have an existing website for users to log into.
```

- [Incidents][10]
- [Security Events][11]

> A Datadog API key is required to submit data to a Datadog API endpoint, and an application key is required to query data from Datadog or create resources on the Datadog site. Datadog recommends using [OAuth for an integration][15] to securely authorize third-party application access on a Marketplace tile.

Reviewer: I thought to create resources within datadog (i.e. monitors, dashboards), you'd need an API key? Maybe im misunderstanding what "create resources on the Datadog site" means.

Author: ```suggestion
A Datadog API key is required to submit data to a Datadog API endpoint, and an application key is required to query data from Datadog. Datadog recommends using [OAuth for an integration][15] to securely authorize third-party application access on a Marketplace tile.
```

> A Datadog API key is required to submit data to a Datadog API endpoint, and an application key is required to query data from Datadog or create resources on the Datadog site. Datadog recommends using [OAuth for an integration][15] to securely authorize third-party application access on a Marketplace tile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Datadog API key is required to submit data to a Datadog API endpoint, and an application key is required to query data from Datadog or create resources on the Datadog site. Instead of requesting these credentials directly from a user, Datadog recommends using [OAuth][15] to handle authorization and access for API-based integrations.
```

> A Datadog API key is required to submit data to a Datadog API endpoint, and an application key is required to query data from Datadog or create resources on the Datadog site. Optionally, you can setup [OAuth for an integration][15] to securely authorize third-party application access on a Marketplace tile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Datadog API key is required to submit data to a Datadog API endpoint, and an application key is required to query data from Datadog or create resources on the Datadog site. Datadog recommends using [OAuth for an integration][15] to securely authorize third-party application access on a Marketplace tile.
```

> You can explore examples of existing API integrations in the `integrations-extras` repository such as [Vantage][24], [LambdaTest][25], and [Adaptive Shield][26].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can explore examples of existing API integrations in the `integrations-extras` repository such as [Vantage][24].
```
Checked with the team and they thought one was enough.

[21]: https://pypi.org/project/datadog-checks-dev/
[22]: /developers/integrations/check_references/#manifest-file
[23]: https://datadoghq.com/blog/
[24]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/vantage

> [25]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/lambdatest
> [26]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/adaptive_shield

Author: ```suggestion
```
